[Merged by Bors] - document resource limits (#244)
stackabletech/hdfs-operator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc

By default, in case nothing is configured in the custom resource for a certain role group, each Pod will have a `1Gi` large local volume mount for the data location.

=== Resource Requests

// The "nightly" version is needed because the "include" directive searches for
// files in the "stable" version by default.
// TODO: remove the "nightly" version after the next platform release (current: 22.09)
include::nightly@home:concepts:stackable_resource_requests.adoc[]

> If no resource requests are configured explicitely, the operator uses the following defaults:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no resource requests are configured explicitly, the HDFS operator uses the following defaults:
```
